.\" 
.TH "Thor Video Codec" "1" "" "" ""
.SH "NAME"
Thor \- 
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B aget
.I "[options] file ..."
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
This manual page documents briefly the
.BR aget
commands.
This manual page was originally written for the Debian GNU/Linux distribution.
.PP 
.B aget
fetches HTTP URLs in a manner similar to wget, but segments the
retrieval into multiple parts to increase download speed.  It can be
many times as fast as wget in some circumstances.

It is the starting point for a project attempting to replicate the
functionality of a MS Windows program called Flashget.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP 
.B \-p
port number
.TP 
.B \-l
local file name
.TP 
.B \-h
Show summary of options.
.TP 
.B \-v
Show version of program.
.TP 
.B \-n 
Suggested number of threads
.TP 
.B \-f
force using suggested number of threads

.SH EXIT STATUS
.LP 
The following exit values are returned:
.sp
.ne 2
.mk
.na
\fB\fB0\fR \fR
.ad
.RS 7n
.rt
Successful completion.
.RE

.sp
.ne 2
.mk
.na
\fB\fB1\fR \fR
.ad
.RS 7n
.rt
Application exited with failure.
.RE

.sp
.ne 2
.mk
.na
\fB\fB-1\fR \fR
.ad
.RS 7n
.rt
POSIX pthreads creation error occurred.
.RE


.SH "EXAMPLES"
.PP
\fBExample 1: Say you want to download a \fIURL\fR using 10 \fIthreads\fR, just type:\fR
.PP
.PP
.nf
example% \fBaget -n 10 http://www.enderunix.org/murat/barismanco-hibrahimsofrasi.mp3\fR
.fi

.SH "AUTHOR"
Aget tool is written by Murat Balaban, and project web page is: http://www.enderunix.org/aget/
.br
This manual page was written by Bruno Barrera C. <bruno@debian.org>,
for the Debian GNU/Linux system (but may be used by others).
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to <murat@enderunix.org>.
.SH COPYRIGHT
.br
Please see the accompanying COPYRIGHT file that comes with the tarball. 

.SH BUGS
.LP
This program does not support IPv6 yet.
